=head1 NAME

Test::AnyEvent::Memcached::MemcachedServer - A in-process memcached server for tests

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Test::AnyEvent::Memcached::MemcachedServer;
  my $server = Test::AnyEvent::Memcached::MemcachedServer->new;
  $server->start_as_cv->cb(sub {
    my $port = $server->server_port;
    my $client = ...->new(servers => ["localhost:$port"]);
    ...
    $server->stop_as_cv->cb(sub {
      ...
    });
  });

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Test::AnyEvent::Memcached::MemcachedServer> module contains a
server supporting the memcached protocol, using the
L<Memcached::Server> module.  It can be used as a memcached mock
server running within the same process in test scripts of applications
accessing memcached.

=head1 MEHTODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $server = Test::AnyEvent::Memcached::MemcachedServer->new

Create a new instance of memcached server.

=item $cv = $server->start_as_cv

Start the server.  The method returns an L<AnyEvent::CondVar> object,
whose callback is invoked when the server has started.

=item $cv = $server->stop_as_cv

Stop the server.  The method returns an L<AnyEvent::CondVar> object,
whose callback is invoked when the server has stopped.

=item $number = $server->server_port

Return the port number listened by the memcached server.

=back

=head1 DEPENDENCY

This module requires Perl 5.8 or later and L<Memcached::Server>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

The module can be combined with L<Test::AnyEvent::Servers>
<https://github.com/wakaba/perl-test-anyevent-servers> by just
registering the module name:

  use Test::AnyEvent::Servers;
  $servers = Test::AnyEvent::Servers;
  $servers->add('memcached', {
    class => 'Test::AnyEvent::Memcached::MemcachedServer',
  });
  ...

L<Memcached::Server>,
<https://github.com/memcached/memcached/blob/master/doc/protocol.txt>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakabatan@hatena.ne.jp>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Hatena <http://www.hatena.ne.jp/company/>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
